e2e: allow running of single node using the e2e app (backport) (#7024)
tendermint/tendermint: CHANGELOG_PENDING.md

### FEATURES

> - [\#6982](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/pull/6982) tendermint binary has built-in suppport for running the e2e application (with state sync support) (@cmwaters).

Reviewer: I'd spell out e2e.

> - [\#6982](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/pull/6982) tendermint binary has built-in suppport for running the e2e application (with state sync support) (@cmwaters).

Author: ```suggestion
- [\#6982](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/pull/6982) tendermint binary has built-in suppport for running the end to end application (with state sync support) (@cmwaters).
```
